Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
1
1. B
Administrative. Administrative law deals with the rules and regulations that have been established by
governmental agencies. Most governmental agencies have an effect on business in some manner, such as
issuing licenses or prohibiting unfair trade practices. Administrative law implements the rules and regulations,
which also involves resolving disputes. Statutory, commercial, and procedural are not types of law that enforce
the rules and regulations of governmental agencies.
SOURCE: BL:074 Discuss the role of administrative law
SOURCE: Cornell Law School. (2022, June). Administrative law. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/administrative_law
2. D
A small company does not have the funds to go to court. Settlement occurs when the defendant in a case
agrees to some or all of the plaintiff's claims and decides not to go to court, usually instead paying a monetary
amount. Settlement is often a more affordable option than a costly legal battle that the defendant may not even
win. Therefore, if a small company is the defendant in a case, it might agree to settle to save money.
Settlements can keep companies out of the spotlight, rather than bringing them publicity. If a defendant feels
they have a strong chance of winning, they might want to pursue the case in court rather than settling because
they could receive a much larger payment. Finally, complicated cases with many defendants are more difficult
to settle because some might want to settle while others do not.
SOURCE: BL:159 Describe factors affecting the settlement of legal matters
SOURCE: FindLaw. (2016, June 20). What does it mean to settle a case? Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.findlaw.com/litigation/legal-system/what-does-it-mean-to-settle-a-case.html
3. D
Allowing inventory to be monitored regularly. Technology such as enterprise resource systems allows inventory
to be constantly monitored and automatically alerts businesses when levels are running low. Technology does
not eliminate the need for supplier relationships, cause disruptions in the supply chain, or increase warehouse
storage costs.
SOURCE: OP:478 Describe the impact of technology on supply chain management
SOURCE: Business Development Bank of Canada. (n.d.). How to implement just-in-time inventory
management. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://www.bdc.ca/en/articles
tools/operations/inventory-management/pages/inventory-management-build-smoother-supply
chain.aspx
4. C
Replaces the trial. Arbitrations are binding, which means they can replace a trial. Binding processes do not
necessarily include confidentiality, high cost and risk, or imprisonment.
SOURCE: BL:161 Discuss the arbitration/mediation process
SOURCE: Murray, J. (2021, October 26). Arbitration vs. litigation: What's the difference? Retrieved September
26, 2022, from https://www.thebalancemoney.com/arbitration-vs-litigation-what-is-the-difference
398747
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
2
5. B
Hostile. Mediation occurs when a neutral third party acts as a mediator between two parties in disagreement.
While the mediator cannot make a decision that resolves the disagreement, they can work with both sides to
find points of agreement to help provide solution suggestions. This process asks the parties to come together,
unlike in litigation, which is often combative and hostile when parties are pitted against each other. Mediation is
more flexible than litigation because it does not impose a resolution on both parties. Both mediation and
litigation can be personal. The necessity of either mediation or litigation depends on the disagreement.
SOURCE: BL:161 Discuss the arbitration/mediation process
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2020). Business law today: The essentials (12th ed.) [p. 65]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
6. A
Common law. Common law is law created by court decisions rather than through written legislation. Since there
are no courts that can overrule a nation's supreme court, its decisions have the force of law, including if it ruled
that segregated schools are unconstitutional. This example does not depict the creation of a federal agency,
state law, or international law.
SOURCE: BL:163 Comply with the spirit and intent of laws and regulations
SOURCE: LAP-BL-163—Laying Down the Law (Complying With the Spirit and Intent of Laws and Regulations)
7. D
Distractions. Distractions are any occurrences or noises that attract the listener's attention away from the
speaker. They can be a major block to effective listening. Concentration is focusing one's attention. Open
mindedness means being receptive to new ideas. Empathy is being able to put yourself in another's place.
These alternatives would aid listening, not hinder it.
SOURCE: CO:017 Demonstrate active listening skills
SOURCE: LAP-CO-017—Listen Up! (Demonstrating Active Listening Skills)
8. D
Paying special attention to headings, titles, and graphics. One of the best strategies for extracting important
information from a text is to pay attention to headings, titles, and graphics. These elements often point the
reader to the main issues presented in the text and can help the reader better comprehend the information they
are reading. It would be unwise to skip or simply skim any portion of a text. Important information could be
presented in any section, including the preface or introduction.
SOURCE: CO:055 Extract relevant information from written materials
SOURCE: GradSchools.com. (2020). Reading to extract the right information. Retrieved September 26, 2022,
from https://www.gradschools.com/get-informed/student-guide/reading-extract-right-information
9. B
Blind carbon copy (BCC). If Jayne does not want to share email addresses with everyone, she should send the
email using blind carbon copy (BCC), which hides email addresses from the email's recipients. Carbon copy
(CC) does not hide email addresses. Jayne should not reply all, and she does not necessarily need to send an
attachment to respect recipient privacy.
SOURCE: CO:090 Write professional emails
SOURCE: Writing@CSU. (1993-2022). Business email. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://writing.colostate.edu/guides/guide.cfm?guideid=74
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
3
10. C
Ask the caller if they would like to leave a message. If a caller wants to speak to a specific employee who is
unavailable, it is most courteous to ask if you can take a message or ask the caller if they would like to leave a
voicemail. There isn't enough information to determine if the caller wants to place an order or if you are in the
position to help the caller. If Rhonda is in a meeting or out of the building, putting the caller on hold until you
track her down or asking them to call back in a few minutes are not viable options. Additionally, placing a caller
on hold for a long time and telling them to call later are rude responses.
SOURCE: CO:114 Handle telephone calls in a businesslike manner
SOURCE: Clark, B., Basteri, C.G., Gassen, C., & Walker, M. (2014). Marketing dynamics (3rd ed.) [p. 455].
Tinley Park, IL: The Goodheart-Willcox Co.
11. C
Justification. Analytical reports are documents that summarize information about issues, opportunities, or
problems. Justification reports provide facts and data that support a previous decision or action such as profits
or market share realized from a business expansion overseas. A feasibility report summarizes the positive and
negative consequences of taking a certain course of action that has not yet occurred. Troubleshooting reports
address specific problems, such as an issue with a process. Cause and effect reports provide information about
a variety of scenarios under different circumstances—if actions A and B happen, then the probable result will be
C. This type of report helps the business consider pros and cons of each scenario to determine which action it
should take.
SOURCE: CO:185 Write analytical reports (i.e., reports that examine a problem/issue and recommend an
action)
SOURCE: McQuerrey, L. (2018, July 1). How to write a justification report. Retrieved September 26, 2022,
from https://work.chron.com/write-justification-report-6504.html
12. C
Methodology. The methodology section focuses on the procedures used to gather the information for the study.
In the situation provided, the marketing research firm used personal interviews and focus groups to gather
information. The introduction states the problem, purpose, and significance of the study or investigation. The
abstract is a synopsis of the report's contents. The results section contains the analysis of the research findings.
SOURCE: CO:186 Write research reports
SOURCE: Grand Canyon University Center for Innovation in Research and Teaching. (n.d). Components of a
research paper. Retrieved September 26, 2022,
from https://cirt.gcu.edu/research/develop/tutorials/researchpaper
13. D
Phone skills. Customers often judge the quality of a business’s service by the treatment they receive over the
phone. Handling telephone calls in a prompt, courteous manner helps project a customer service mindset.
Marketing strategies are plans of action for achieving marketing goals and objectives. Promotional plans are
frameworks for the promotional activities of a business. Business activities are specific actions that are part of
the operation of a business.
SOURCE: CR:004 Demonstrate a customer service mindset
SOURCE: LAP-CR-004—Set Your Mind to It (Customer Service Mindset)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
4
14. D
Offend the clients. Businesspeople should try to learn as much as they can about a client's culture, customs,
and social values. By understanding and being aware of cultural differences, businesspeople can adapt their
communication styles to make a positive impression on their clients, earn their clients' trust, and persuade their
clients to buy. Businesspeople who adapt their communication styles are aware of actions that a particular client
might view as hospitable, as well as behaviors that the client might find offensive. Offensive behaviors can
hinder the ability to build long-term relationships with international clients.
SOURCE: CR:019 Adapt communication to the cultural and social differences among clients
SOURCE: Lehman, C., Dufrene, D., & Walker, R. (2020). BCOM (10th ed.) [p. 13]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
15. C
Do not always benefit consumers. A monopoly exists when a single business influences the entire production of
a particular good or service. This means that any major competitors are eliminated, and the monopoly can
control the price of the product by restricting production. Government regulates monopolies to protect
consumers except in cases in which it is best to have a single provider of a good or service (e.g., utilities).
Monopolies do not reduce the power of the government and are not necessarily hard to manage. They do pay
taxes.
SOURCE: EC:008 Determine the relationship between government and business
SOURCE: LAP-EC-016—Regulate and Protect (Government and Business)
16. C
Net profit. Net profit is the amount of money left after operating expenses are subtracted from gross profit.
Operating expenses are the daily costs of running the business. Until they are subtracted, the business does
not have a realistic picture of how it is doing financially. Total income is all the receipts of the business, which is
an important figure but does not measure financial status.
SOURCE: EC:010 Identify factors affecting a business's profit
SOURCE: LAP-EC-910—Risk Rewarded (Factors Affecting Profit)
17. C
New companies. Competition encourages new businesses to enter the marketplace. When a product is popular
and successful, others recognize the demand and develop similar products in order to compete. The ongoing
competition leads to the creation of new products and new companies. Businesses do not necessarily benefit
from more regulations. Competition usually encourages the creation of businesses that are similar or related to
successful, existing businesses. Many resources are limited, which means that more cannot be created.
SOURCE: EC:012 Explain the concept of competition
SOURCE: LAP-EC-912—Ready, Set, Compete! (Competition)
18. C
It can lead to high inflation. Currency speculation is risky because it can create an artificial demand for currency,
leading to high inflation. Currency speculation is also risky because predicting currency values is quite difficult.
Many traders participate in currency speculation—a majority of trades on the foreign exchange market, actually.
Currency speculation can be extremely profitable, but that is not what makes it risky.
SOURCE: EC:100 Describe the determinants of exchange rates and their effects on the domestic economy
SOURCE: LAP-EC-100—Get Your Money's Worth (Exchange Rates)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
5
19. C
History. If investors avoid a country because of past conflicts there, they are basing their decision on the
country's history. The country's past conflicts may have been due to its culture or economy, but it is not clear
whether either was the cause in the situation described. Geography refers to a country's physical features and
location, not to past events.
SOURCE: EC:115 Describe the impact of a country's history on world trade
SOURCE: Boyte-White, C. (2022, August 23). The basic economic effects World War II had on the global
economy. Retrieved October 17, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/112814/how-did-world-war-ii-impact-european-gdp.asp
20. D
Standing up straight when talking to other people. Posture is the way in which you hold your body. Ways you
can use posture to express assertiveness include standing up straight when speaking, leaning toward the
speaker to show your interest in what is being said, or crossing your arms across your chest to indicate a
negative response to what is being said. Explaining why you must refuse a request for help is an example of
verbal assertiveness. Raising your eyebrows and frowning are facial expressions used in nonverbal
assertiveness.
SOURCE: EI:008 Use appropriate assertiveness
SOURCE: LAP-EI-008—Assert Yourself (Assertiveness)
21. B
Gender. A stereotype is a set image or assumption about a person or thing. When people stereotype others,
they tend to classify certain people as a group that possesses certain characteristics. These characteristics are
often based on distorted beliefs or unreliable information. A person who stereotypes others often fails to see an
individual who possesses unique skills, values, and attitudes. Gender is one characteristic by which people
often stereotype others. Assuming men are more assertive than women in business situations is a distorted
belief. In fact, many women are very assertive in business situations. Ethnic stereotyping involves having false
beliefs about a person on the basis of their race or culture. Stereotypes about religion involve having distorted
beliefs about a person's spiritual practices. An individual who stereotypes by age might feel that younger people
do not possess needed knowledge or that older people are feeble and lack adaptability.
SOURCE: EI:017 Recognize and overcome personal biases and stereotypes
SOURCE: Lazzari, Z. (2018, October 19). Types of stereotyping in advertising. Retrieved September 26, 2022,
from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/types-stereotyping-advertising-11937.html
22. B
Attitudes can be helped with humor. Being able to laugh at yourself and at annoying things that happen is very
good for your positive attitude. It keeps you from taking yourself too seriously and helps you keep things in
perspective. Changing attitudes won't happen overnight. Our attitudes develop from the time we are children,
and they can't be changed that easily. Energy is like the common cold—contagious. Surrounding yourself with
positive people will have a positive effect on your attitude. Your attitude is one of the few things in life over
which you have complete control. The choice to be positive is one you make every day, and no one else can
make that decision for you.
SOURCE: EI:019 Exhibit a positive attitude
SOURCE: LAP-EI-003—Opt for Optimism (Positive Attitude)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
6
23. C
Admitting that she made a mistake and apologizing. Integrity includes being accountable for your actions—even
when you make a mistake. Admitting when you are wrong is a part of being honest. When Rhea makes an
error, she should own up to it, rather than ignore the problem, let others take the blame, or defend or cover up
the mistake.
SOURCE: EI:022 Demonstrate honesty and integrity
SOURCE: LAP-EI-138—Sincerely Yours (Demonstrating Honesty and Integrity)
24. B
Intrinsic. Intrinsic motivation comes from within a person. Internal motivators include a personal sense of
satisfaction, enjoyment, or challenge. Extrinsic motivation is external and includes things like a salary, a
promotion, or benefits. Intrinsic motivation is not ineffective for Shawn.
SOURCE: EI:059 Motivate team members
SOURCE: LAP-EI-059—Raise Them Up (Motivating Others)
25. A
Build a strong, trusting relationship. When you manage commitments well, you are living up to your obligations,
which means you are being fair and respectful to others. This allows you to build strong, trusting relationships,
as is the case with your boss in this example. Following through on a promise to your boss will not necessarily
ensure you will never get fired or lead you to receive a promotion, although it might help you grow in your
career. It is not necessarily related to becoming more organized.
SOURCE: EI:077 Manage commitments in a timely manner
SOURCE: LAP-EI-077—Commit to It! (Managing Commitments in a Timely Manner)
26. A
Financial risk. Anytime you spend money, you expose yourself to financial risk because it affects your budget
and your savings. Spending money on yourself does not necessarily affect your relationships or cause you to
experience future debt or poverty.
SOURCE: EI:091 Assess risks of personal decisions
SOURCE: LAP-EI-091—Worth the Risk (Assessing Risks of Personal Decisions)
27. B
Make a responsible and informed decision. You should make sure that you've heard the whole story before
making a decision about whether or not you agree with a viewpoint. If you don't, you risk walking away without
fully understanding the topic or event. Learning about a viewpoint helps you make a good decision about
whether or not you agree with it; it does not help you prove that you are right, have the upper hand in
arguments, or avoid interacting with people who are different than you.
SOURCE: EI:136 Consider conflicting viewpoints
SOURCE: LAP-EI-136—Pick a Side (Considering Conflicting Viewpoints)
28. D
Add to the cost of the purchase. Using credit can add to the total cost of goods and services. For example,
interest or finance charges are added to accounts that are not paid in full at the end of each payment period.
When customers buy products with a credit card, they often pay over a period of time. Then, each month they
pay interest on the unpaid balance. The interest charges add to the cost of the purchase. Interest charges do
not increase the retail price, because customers who pay in cash are not charged interest. Interest usually is
calculated monthly rather than yearly. Interest generates profit for the credit card company rather than the store.
SOURCE: FI:002 Explain the purposes and importance of credit
SOURCE: LAP-FI-002—Give Credit Where Credit Is Due (Credit and Its Importance)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
7
29. D
Read all paperwork carefully. Lyla should make sure she has read and understood all of the paperwork
associated with the loan before signing it. She should be up front about her financial situation, so she should not
inaccurately report her debts or overstate her assets. She should never sign a blank document, as doing so can
lead to fraud.
SOURCE: FI:063 Explain legal responsibilities associated with consumer financial products and services
SOURCE: Mortgage Calculator. (2007-2022). Mortgage application tips. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.mortgagecalculator.org/helpful-advice/ups-and-downs-with-mortgages.php
30. A
Attorneys. Certain types of financial services often require the assistance of attorneys. For example, most
people hire attorneys to help them prepare their wills to make sure that their assets are distributed properly.
Also, some people set up guardianships to manage assets for minor children. Attorneys usually provide these
types of financial services because wills and guardianship papers are legal documents. To protect the assets, it
is important that these documents be prepared correctly. Executors are the individuals who carry out the terms
of the will. Wills and guardianship papers often are filed with the appropriate court. Beneficiaries are the heirs.
SOURCE: FI:075 Describe types of financial-services providers
SOURCE: Tatum, M. (2022, September 11). What does an attorney do? Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.mylawquestions.com/what-does-an-attorney-do.htm
31. C
Rewarding. An important aspect of managing a project team is motivating the team members. Project managers
can motivate team members by showing appreciation for their efforts and by rewarding them for reaching
certain goals. A reward might include a nice meal, time off, or a financial bonus. Mentoring is an activity in which
one experienced employee helps or guides a new employee on the job. Evaluating is a controlling activity.
Encouragement is the act of giving someone support, confidence, or hope.
SOURCE: PJ:007 Manage project team
SOURCE: Project Risk Coach. (2021, August 2). How to recognize and reward your project teams. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://projectriskcoach.com/how-to-recognize-and-reward-your-project
teams/
32. C
Equity. Equity refers to the assets a company already owns. Since Marina's company already has employees,
equipment, and money, these things are considered equity. Debt refers to taking out a loan from a bank or other
lending institution. A dividend is a sum of money paid to an investor or stockholder as earnings on an
investment. Return on capital (also known as return on invested capital) is another key component of managing
working capital.
SOURCE: FI:354 Explain the role of finance in business
SOURCE: LAP-FI-354—Money Matters (Role of Finance)
33. A
A cash flow statement is derived from the income statement and the balance sheet. When calculating cash flow,
companies use income statements and balance sheets to observe how cash is flowing in and out of the
company. A negative cash flow does not typically indicate that a company is financially healthy and stable.
Generally, a negative cash flow is indicative of financial struggles. Therefore, investors are not likely to be
happy if a company doesn't have much cash available for business operations. A positive cash flow indicates
that a company is financially healthy and stable—not unhealthy.
SOURCE: FI:541 Interpret cash-flow statements
SOURCE: Murphy, C.B. (2022, April 4). Understanding the cash flow statement. Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/investing/what-is-a-cash-flow-statement
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
8
34. D
Become more innovative and competitive. A business can use the knowledge that it collects from its employees
and customers to identify unmet wants and needs in the marketplace. The AMR Company used the knowledge
that it collected and implemented a systematic innovation process to develop and market a new product line to
satisfy the market's wants and needs. By introducing a new product line, the AMR Company is competitive in
the marketplace. The business did not use its knowledge management system to reduce its overhead expenses
or prevent inventory turnover. There is not enough information provided to determine if the business used
natural resources to produce the new products.
SOURCE: KM:001 Explain the nature of knowledge management
SOURCE: LAP-KM-001—Know Go (The Nature of Knowledge Management)
35. D
Camilla is exhibiting ethical behavior by passing along personal knowledge to help Cecily learn how to do her
job. Many times, employees find ways that help them manage their workload—things that aren't always written
in their job descriptions. This personal knowledge is acquired by trial and error, which occurs by repeating tasks
and activities over time. Personal knowledge might include tips that help the employee work with or around
deficit computer processes, or shortcuts that eliminate waste or improve efficiency. If Camilla did not provide
these tips, it would likely take Cecily more time to become proficient at her job, which can affect the company's
efficiency and ability to achieve its goals. Therefore, Camilla is behaving in an ethical manner by providing
Cecily with tips and personal knowledge. Until Cecily gets acclimated with her job, she will not know if she has a
better way to complete tasks than the way that Camilla suggests. There isn't evidence to indicate that Camilla
would provide incorrect information.
SOURCE: KM:002 Discuss the role of ethics in knowledge management
SOURCE: Fonseca, N. (2021, May 12). Helping new employees succeed. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.greatplacetowork.ca/en/articles/helping-new-employees-succeed
36. C
Accountability matrix. An accountability matrix is a table that assigns tasks to workers and tracks the workers'
progress in relation to various business or project activities. Accountability matrices are components of project
management software. Businesses may design their own accountability matrices through word processing or
spreadsheet applications. A customer database is a central location in which the business records and
maintains information about its customers. A surveillance system consists of audio/visual equipment that is
used to monitor various activities. Magnetic cards (e.g., debit cards, credit cards) contain data that can be read
by electronic devices. Businesses do not use customer databases, surveillance systems, or magnetic cards to
assign and track various business tasks.
SOURCE: KM:003 Explain the use of technology in knowledge management
SOURCE: Gordon, J. (2021, June 26). Accountability matrix - Explained. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://thebusinessprofessor.com/en_US/mgmt-operations/accountability-matrix-definition
37. D
Nondisclosure agreement. A nondisclosure agreement is a contract between an employer and an employee
that states that the employee will not reveal the employer's trade secrets (e.g., formula, recipe, manufacturing
technique) to future employers for whom the employee might work. The purpose of a nondisclosure agreement
is to provide businesses with legal protection if a competitor attempts to use revealed information for financial
gain or benefit. Nondisclosure provisions or agreements are often part of the noncompete agreement, which is
a contract between an employer and an employee that states that the employee will not work for a competitor
for a certain length of time after leaving the company. An indictment is a court-issued statement that formally
charges an individual with a crime. An injunction is a court order forbidding a business or a person to perform
certain activities.
SOURCE: KM:004 Explain legal considerations for knowledge management
SOURCE: Twin, A. (2022, July 10). Non-disclosure agreement (NDA) explained, with pros & cons. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/n/nda.asp
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
9
38. B
Hierarchical information. A hierarchy arrangement sets information in a certain order, rank, or level. The
laddering technique is a tool that helps an organization capture information and categorize it into a meaningful
and useful order. The business can obtain information by collecting tacit knowledge from internal and external
sources. The laddering technique, which can be implemented manually or with a computer program, can help a
business organize the steps necessary to complete a certain activity or process. By doing so, the business
might discover ways that it can change the ordering system to increase efficiency, such as eliminating an
unnecessary task or a task that is being performed twice. Horizontal communication occurs among individuals
at the same level, such as coworkers.
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization
SOURCE: Grubert, T. (2022). Laddering technique: A method to discover what people value. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.b2binternational.com/publications/laddering-technique-find
what-people-value
39. D
Participating in a community of practice. A community of practice is an informal group that is formed by people
who have common interests. In communities of practice, group members share ideas, discuss problems, and
brainstorm solutions. By doing so, the group members are transferring their knowledge among themselves. One
or all members can capture and record the collected knowledge for future personal or group use. In the
example, Jack and his friends share a common bond because all of them work in technology. When the group
met, Jack's friends offered suggestions for resolving his work dilemma; therefore, the group is a community of
practice. Groupthink is a situation that occurs when conforming to the group becomes more important than
expressing individual judgment and ideas. A strategic alliance is an arrangement that involves two or more
businesses entering into a relationship by combining complementary resources such as technology, skills,
capital, or distribution channels for the benefit of all parties; the relationship is usually short-term or for a single
project/transaction. The situation is not an example of a formal interview.
SOURCE: KM:005 Identify techniques that can be used to capture and transfer knowledge in an organization
SOURCE: Learning For All. (2016). What is a community of practice? Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.communityofpractice.ca/background/what-is-a-community-of-practice
40. B
Recognized. The first phase of the knowledge management process is discovery and detection, during which
knowledge is recognized and categorized. Knowledge must be recognized before it can be embedded,
analyzed, or manipulated.
SOURCE: KM:018 Apply knowledge management processes
SOURCE: Knowledge Management Tools. (2018, July 23). Knowledge discovery and detection. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from http://www.knowledge-management-tools.net/knowledge-discovery-and
detection.php
41. B
Tell their family and friends about it. When customers have a negative experience with a business, they are
likely to tell their family and friends about it, harming the business’s reputation. They are unlikely to contact the
owner or manager, give the business another chance, or do nothing at all.
SOURCE: MK:019 Demonstrate connections between company actions and results (e.g., influencing consumer
buying behavior, gaining market share, etc.)
SOURCE: LAP-MK-019—Just Do It…Right (Company Actions and Results)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
10
42. D
Update the customer's record in the company database. Businesses keep a variety of customer information in a
central location—a computer database. When customers change their contact information (e.g., email address
or phone address) or move, companies need to update their customer database to reflect those changes. If the
information is not changed, the business does not have current contact information. This can be costly to the
business in situations that involve delinquent accounts and returned mail. The business does not need to create
a new record to reflect changes—this would clutter the system with unnecessary data—nor does the business
need to create a new database every time a customer's contact information needs to be updated. Employee
records, rather than customer records, appear in the company or employee directory.
SOURCE: NF:002 Maintain customer records
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). How to update customer information. Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://bizfluent.com/how-7463544-update-customer-information.html
43. C
State. A database software program allows a business to sort customer information by various criteria—
 customer name, sales volume, customer type, zip code, etc. Queries are database fields that the business uses
to sort the data. The type of data that the business wants to retrieve or analyze determines the database query
(sorting mechanism) that the business uses. To obtain a list of customers in specific geographic regions, the
business should sort by state. Depending on the business's needs, it may also use zip code, city name, or
country to sort by geographic location. Sales volume, customer name, and street numbers are not queries that
will sort customer information by geographic location.
SOURCE: NF:009 Demonstrate basic database applications
SOURCE: Chapple, M. (2021, October 9). What is the definition of a database query? Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://www.lifewire.com/query-definition-1019180
44. D
Accounts-payable records. Accounts payable are the monies that a business owes to others (e.g., vendors).
Because the accounts-payable function or department of a business is responsible for tracking and paying
expenses, Delia can obtain information about a specific vendor by obtaining an accounts-payable report or by
reviewing copies of the vendor's invoices. Production status reports, customer invoices, and sales reports will
not provide Delia with the information she needs regarding the business's purchases from a specific vendor.
SOURCE: NF:014 Monitor internal records for business information
SOURCE: U.S. Chamber of Commerce. (2021, May 14). A quick guide to accounts payable. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.uschamber.com/co/run/finance/what-is-accounts-payable
45. B
Inflation, investor confidence, and interest rates. Businesses generally examine six categories of information
when conducting an environmental scan: the economy, demographics, society and culture, competition,
government, and technology. Economic factors that business should pay attention to include inflation, investor
confidence, and interest rates, as well as the stage of the business cycle, unemployment rates, tax rates,
currency exchange rates, and foreign economic conditions. Demographics are the physical and social
characteristics of the population. Businesses consider social trends, or changes in society and culture, so that
they can remain sensitive to customer needs and wants. Businesses may also examine the general
competition, brand competition, and substitute products during an environmental scan. Even within a private
enterprise system, the government still affects business decision-making, so businesses often research
changing laws and regulations, monetary and fiscal policies, import/export restrictions, etc. Lastly, businesses
examine new developments in technology to determine challenges as well as opportunities that may result.
SOURCE: NF:015 Conduct an environmental scan to obtain business information
SOURCE: LAP-NF-015—Get the 4-1-1 (Conducting an Environmental Scan)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
11
46. D
Creates a variety of evaluative reports. Project management software has many applications and features that
help businesspeople effectively manage both short- and long-term projects. One application of effective project
management software is the ability to generate reports that summarize a variety of information, such as
expenses, timing, and activity data. Some software can provide cost and variance analyses. Depending on the
type of software being used, it may also allow users the ability to integrate word processing functions to create
custom or free-format reports. Because data are entered manually, project management software cannot
eliminate the coding problems related to human error. Project management software does not provide job
training, nor does it reduce the need to monitor costs.
SOURCE: NF:130 Utilize project-management software
SOURCE: Andre, L. (2022, September 26). What is project management software? Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://project-management-software.financesonline.com/#history-of
47. A
Communicate data change. When data changes, companies should communicate these changes to all people
who are affected, including employees, customers, etc., not just those who are actively involved with the
changes. There is no indication that the company has failed to adapt to new technology, track changes in data,
or attend to industry trends.
SOURCE: NF:264 Adhere to data change best practices
SOURCE: Chow, C. (2019, July 29). 7 reasons internal communications is at the center of change
management. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://learn.g2.com/internal-communications-in
change-management
48. A
Schedules. When planning a project, businesses often develop schedules to identify what tasks need to be
done and how long it will take to perform those tasks. The use of schedules helps a business organize work and
establish completion dates to make sure the work is done on time. Scheduling an effective use of time helps a
business achieve the objectives, or goals, of the project. Policies are guidelines that businesses follow when
making decisions about projects. Objectives, policies, and guidelines are other project-planning tools, but they
do not involve planning the use of time.
SOURCE: OP:002 Apply project-management tools to monitor and communicate project progress
SOURCE: Palmer, M. (2019, December 28). What are the advantages of scheduling? Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://www.calendar.com/blog/what-are-the-advantages-of-scheduling/
49. C
Fraud. Deceiving or cheating an individual or a business out of money or property is fraud. Customers,
employees, vendors, and others may commit fraud against a business. There are many types of fraud including
internal theft, payroll fraud, and computer fraud. Burglary is any illegal entry into a building to commit a theft.
Robbery is theft that involves the use of force, violence, or fear. Pilferage is theft of small sums of money or
inexpensive items.
SOURCE: OP:013 Explain routine security precautions
SOURCE: Chen, J. (2022, July 24). What is fraud? Definition, types, and consequences. Retrieved September
26, 2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fraud.asp
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
12
50. C
Production. The process of converting resources into goods and services is called production. This process
makes resources more useful to ultimate consumers and industrial users. Marketing is all those functions
involved in getting goods, services, and ideas to the final user. Refinement is the process of making ongoing
product improvements. Entrepreneurship involves taking the risks of business ownership.
SOURCE: OP:017 Explain the concept of production
SOURCE: LAP-OP-017—Can You Make It? (Nature of Production)
51. B
Scatter diagram. A scatter diagram, or scatter plot, is a graphical representation of two variables that is used to
determine cause and effect. A histogram shows the distribution of a variable. A check sheet is simply a form for
collecting data on the spot. A flow chart is used to analyze a sequence of events and uncover the relationships
within it.
SOURCE: OP:163 Identify quality-control measures
SOURCE: LAP-OP-163—Take Control (Quality-Control Measures)
52. B
Ongoing cooperation. When a business is continuously willing to work with other businesses (e.g., vendors) to
achieve their mutual goals, it is exhibiting ongoing cooperation. Ongoing cooperation involves a willingness to
negotiate fairly and to communicate (interact) openly and honestly on a continuous basis. These actions help
build a trusting and favorable relationship. In most situations, a company does not need to fully disclose all of its
business information to its vendors—only relevant information.
SOURCE: OP:241 Maintain vendor/supplier relationships
SOURCE: Klugerman, Y. (2017, November 14). Top 7 ways to build and maintain strong vendor relationships.
Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://feedvisor.com/resources/e-commerce-strategies/top-7
ways-build-strong-relationships-vendors
53. A
Captive. A captive insurance company is one that is wholly owned by a parent company and is a form of self
insurance. The parent company is able to pay its premiums to its own captive insurer to protect the company
against particular forms of risk. There are a number of reasons that a company may form its own captive
insurer, many of which are focused on lowering the costs of risk management. Professional liability insurance
protects businesses against claims of negligence. While it may be covered by a captive insurer, it is most often
covered by a third-party insurer. Medical malpractice insurance is a form of professional liability insurance.
Compulsory insurance is a term for any type of insurance that is required by law.
SOURCE: RM:043 Discuss legal considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: Kagan, J. (2022, August 31). Captive insurance company. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/captive-insurance-company.asp
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
13
54. D
Alan placed a large order on March 10 for a new video game that is to be released on June 1. An advance
order is a regular order that is placed now with delivery requested at a future time (e.g., weeks, months).
Because the item is new, Alan wants to make sure that he orders enough games to meet the anticipated
demand upon its release date. Katherine placed a reorder, which is ordering items that have been previously
ordered. Fred placed a special order, which is a request for a custom item that a vendor does not normally carry
in stock. Lindsey placed a blanket order. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a retailer's
seasonal requirements. Blanket orders typically are placed several months before the season and do not
contain detailed specifications or shipping dates.
SOURCE: OP:250 Describe types of purchase orders
SOURCE: Kenton, W. (2022, July 3). Advance payment. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/advance-payment.asp
55. A
Blanket. A blanket order is an order that covers all or part of a business's product requirements for a certain
period of time. A special order is a request for a custom product or a product that a vendor does not normally
carry in stock. A service order is a request for service, such as an equipment repair or installation. A referral is a
recommendation rather than a type of purchase order.
SOURCE: OP:250 Describe types of purchase orders
SOURCE: Sleimen, M. (2022). Types of purchase order processes & purchase order examples. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.tradogram.com/blog/the-different-types-of-purchase-orders
and-their-functions-explained
56. A
Variable. Variable costs change based on the level of output from production. If more units are produced than
are sold, holding costs (warehousing, pilferage, taxes, etc.) will increase. Fixed costs are not related to the
amount of output produced. Direct costs are related to the specific unit being produced and include material and
labor costs. Order costs are those related to making a purchase of materials and are examples of costs that are
both direct and variable.
SOURCE: OP:303 Discuss the nature of supply chain management
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management (5th ed.)
[Lesson 7-2b]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
57. B
Evaluate the effectiveness of the project's solutions. Once a business analysis project has been completed, a
business analyst should evaluate their work to determine whether the project had the intended outcomes.
Determining the primary stakeholders related to the project, attempting to understand the existing processes
that are in place, and clarifying the project's business objectives are all steps of business analysis that should
be completed before evaluating the project's effectiveness.
SOURCE: OP:327 Discuss the nature of business analysis
SOURCE: Martin, M. (2022, August 27). What is business analysis? Process & techniques. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.guru99.com/business-analysis-process-techniques.html
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
14
58. A
Buffer. A business carries buffer inventory when the supply of and demand for goods are uncertain. If the
demand goes up and supply goes down, having buffer inventory helps the business cover its needs until supply
is stable and available. Maintenance inventory refers to items the business uses to maintain the facility such as
cleaning supplies and light bulbs. Perpetual inventory is a record of inventory information that is continuously
updated. Customary inventory is sometimes used to describe the regularly stocked goods that the business
carries.
SOURCE: OP:336 Discuss types of inventory
SOURCE: Reference for Business. (2022). Inventory types. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.referenceforbusiness.com/management/Int-Loc/Inventory-Types.html
59. C
Deadline driven. Establishing and stating deadlines is one tactic that businesses often use when negotiating
with vendors. By providing the vendor with specific deadlines (e.g., shipping orders within 24 hours of order
placement), the business is making sure that its requests are met. Limited authority is a negotiation strategy in
which one party claims that they do not have the authority to meet certain requests. Bargaining involves “give
and-take” tactics by both parties to reach an agreement. Silence involves not speaking and is a good
negotiating tactic to use when the discussion becomes heated or when the other party does not like what is
being said.
SOURCE: OP:337 Negotiate terms with vendors in business
SOURCE: Real Estate Negotiation Institute. (2022). Use deadlines as a negotiation tactic to motivate a
response. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://thereni.com/deadlines-negotiation-tactic
motivate-response
60. D
Using labels and boxes that contain the business's logo. Businesses, including those that market generic and
private brands, often negotiate terms with their vendors about ways in which products are labeled, boxed, and
packaged. The use of an electronic data exchange system is a technological consideration. Restocking fees are
a factor affecting the terms of sale. Warranties are a product-performance issue.
SOURCE: OP:337 Negotiate terms with vendors in business
SOURCE: Paranikas, P., Whiteford, G.P., Tevelson, B., & Belz, D. (2015). How to negotiate with powerful
suppliers. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://hbr.org/2015/07/how-to-negotiate-with
powerful-suppliers
61. B
Environmental, employment and labor, insurance. Environmental regulations are designed to protect the
environment and natural resources. Many aspects of operations are directly affected by environmental law,
including location, supply chains, transportation, and manufacturing. Employment and labor laws also affect
operations as they relate to regulations affecting human resources. Insurance law also touches many aspects
including manufacturing processes and human resources management. Advertising regulation is unlikely to
directly affect operations management. Antitrust laws may affect some aspects of supply chain management
but also affect other areas of business management. Tax codes affect operations management only indirectly, if
at all. Privacy regulation doesn't always affect operations management; where it does, it only affects certain
industries.
SOURCE: OP:339 Discuss legal considerations in operations
SOURCE: Wood, M. (2020, October 15). 11 important government regulations on business you must know.
Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://www.fundera.com/blog/government-regulations-on
business
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
15
62. A
Process thinking. This type of thinking focuses on the step-by-step processes that will contribute to achieving a
specific goal. Since every outcome is a result of at least one process (and usually multiple processes), process
thinking is an excellent way to plan ahead for maximum success. Mark is demonstrating process thinking in this
example—not necessarily agile project management, critical thinking, or goal setting. Agile project management
involves making continuous improvements to a project over time. Critical thinking is the act of reflecting on and
processing information in an objective manner to form a judgment. Goal setting involves determining objectives
that you would like to accomplish in a set amount of time.
SOURCE: OP:474 Discuss business process thinking and its impact
SOURCE: Pitagorsky, G. (2016, August 3). The importance of process thinking. Retrieved September 26, 2022,
from https://www.projecttimes.com/articles/the-importance-of-process-thinking
63. C
Human factors. The process was created by considering how employees are affected when handling heat
treated parts. Technology may have helped create the process, but employees' ability to handle the parts more
quickly was the reason for the process change. There is no indication that regulations or product design were
considerations in the process change.
SOURCE: OP:475 Describe the factors that influence business process design
SOURCE: Taylor, H. (2017, September 26). Factors that affect process design. Retrieved September 26, 2022,
from https://bizfluent.com/list-7444011-factors-affect-process-design.html
64. A
Result in more errors. The design of a process should be as simple as possible to avoid unnecessary steps
which can cause more errors to occur. Each step in the process should be validated and documented
regardless of its simplicity or complexity. Automation should be avoided unless it results in a more efficient
process. While it's unadvisable and difficult to automate a complex process, it is not impossible.
SOURCE: OP:475 Describe the factors that influence business process design
SOURCE: Oliveira, W. (2015, December 11). The nine principles of process design. Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://www.heflo.com/blog/bpm/business-process-design-principles
65. A
Can reflect conditions unrelated to performance. Organizational costs, revenue, and profitability are of limited
use in measuring supply chain performance because external conditions can cause these measures to fluctuate
regardless of supply chain performance. Profitability, for example, can be easily affected by a drop in material
costs that are unrelated to any managerial decisions. These measures are also limited in that they are not
useful in pinpointing issues in specific departments or units due to interdependence in the supply chain. Even
though there are limits to these measures, they can still be useful when considered with other factors. These
measures are useful because they can be altered by managerial decisions and because they can be used in a
wide variety of industries.
SOURCE: OP:477 Explain the impact of supply chain on business performance
SOURCE: Wisner, J.D., Tan, K., & Leong, G.K. (2019). Principles of supply chain management (5th ed.)
[Lesson 14-2]. Boston, MA: Cengage Learning, Inc.
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
16
66. A
Jury selection. Litigation means taking legal action, or resolving a case through the court system. Not all
litigation cases require a jury, but for the ones that do, jury selection is an important part of that process.
Arbitration is a form of alternative dispute resolution that attempts to settle a dispute out of the litigation system.
Online dispute resolution is a low-cost option for those whose issues are not worth the cost of litigation. Attorney
recertification is not a recognized term or process.
SOURCE: BL:160 Describe the litigation process
SOURCE: Miller, R.L. (2020). Business law today: The essentials (12th ed.) [p. 61]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
67. A
Redesigned. Factors such as changing laws, new companies, companies going out of business, and material
availability can cause companies to redesign their supply chain networks often. Supply chain networks should
not be eliminated because they are not unimportant. A properly designed supply chain network should help a
company become more profitable.
SOURCE: OP:479 Describe supply chain networks
SOURCE: River Logic. (2022). Supply chain network optimization: What you need to be successful. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.riverlogic.com/blog/supply-chain-network-optimization-what
you-need-to-be-successful
68. A
Supply chain network. Supply chain networks encompass the flow and movement of materials and information
among connected organizations. Because of the plant closure, the manufacturer would be unable to provide
steel to the distributors and stores that need it. This would result in a disruption of the supply chain network.
This situation would probably not influence the company's chain of command, marketing department, or
advertising budget.
SOURCE: OP:479 Describe supply chain networks
SOURCE: Hayes, A. (2022, July 30). Supply chain. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/supplychain.asp
69. A
Work with experienced partners abroad. Working with a partner that has experience in a particular market can
help companies learn about and mitigate the risks particular to that market. Hiring only local workers will not
necessarily help manage risks; in fact, it could bring more risks due to different labor laws. Working within the
same time zone might help eliminate some risks, but it will also limit the company's ability to expand into most
markets. Finally, accepting lower quality levels will not manage risks; it can create more risk by making the
company liable for defects.
SOURCE: OP:480 Discuss global supply chain issues
SOURCE: Brosch, A. (2015, July). 6 global supply chain challenges to ignore at your own risk. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.inboundlogistics.com/articles/6-global-supply-chain
challenges-to-ignore-at-your-own-risk/
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
17
70. D
Limit installation of outside software programs. Companies should set clear standards for what employees can
install and keep on their computers at work. Outside software programs can bring security risks to a company's
network and data. Using the same password for all accounts is not a good strategy, because it makes accounts
more vulnerable to hacking. Backing up your work is a good strategy for protecting customer data. Finally,
giving all employees access to customer information is risky. Instead, information should be restricted to only
those who need it.
SOURCE: OP:518 Comply with strategies to protect digital customer data (e.g., information about customers,
customers' credit-card numbers, passwords, customer transactions)
SOURCE: American Family Mutual Insurance. (2022). 14 ways to protect customer data. Retrieved September
26, 2022, from https://www.amfam.com/resources/articles/your-business/ways-to-protect-customer
information
71. A
A flow chart. Flow charts help you schedule your project and figure out the order of work that you'll need to
complete. To-do lists help you keep track of all the tasks you need to accomplish. Online collaboration platforms
make it easy to plan your project digitally with others. Focus groups help you collect data from people on a
specific topic.
SOURCE: OP:519 Plan project
SOURCE: LAP-OP-519—Plan On It! (Planning Projects)
72. A
Earned a bachelor’s degree. The best business career prospects are available to candidates who have earned
a bachelor’s degree. Some jobs require only a high school diploma, but these are only entry-level jobs. A
background in accounting or a stockbroker’s license may be helpful for certain careers or jobs, but neither of
these is as useful without the foundation of a bachelor’s degree.
SOURCE: PD:025 Explain employment opportunities in business
SOURCE: LAP-PD-025—Go for It! (Careers in Business)
73. C
Labor union. A labor union is a group of workers who have joined together for a common purpose to improve
the terms and conditions under which employees work. Local labor unions are good sources for job leads
particularly for such industries as construction which usually hires seasonal workers. Many local unions operate
some type of worker placement service for industries in their area. County offices, local merchants, and family
friends probably would not have helpful information about the availability of seasonal jobs in the construction
industry.
SOURCE: PD:026 Utilize job-search strategies
SOURCE: Luther, C. (2018, June 29). How to join a construction union. Retrieved October 17, 2022, from
https://work.chron.com/join-construction-union-20338.html
74. B
Ongoing education. For employees like Joseph, ongoing education is a way to enhance current skills and gain
new skills that can improve employment opportunities and personal achievement. This situation is not an
example of the importance of mentorship programs or student loan forgiveness; however, both are beneficial in
the workplace. Frequent training is also important at work, but is not demonstrated in this example because
Joseph received his additional training outside of the workplace.
SOURCE: PD:033 Explain the need for ongoing education as a worker
SOURCE: Cohen, I. (2015, July 9). Benefits of continuing education for everyone. Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/benefits-continuing-education-everyone-ian-cohen/
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
18
75. A
Organizational. Organizational goals affect the overall organization. Organizational goals may involve things
such as increasing efficiency levels, growing the business, or expanding market share. Ideological goals involve
the vision and general purpose of the company's existence. Financial goals address the company's income and
expenses. Inputs are resources that are used to produce outputs.
SOURCE: PD:254 Determine the nature of organizational goals
SOURCE: Griffin, R.W. (2018). Fundamentals of management (8th ed.) [Lesson 3-1a]. Boston, MA: Cengage
Learning, Inc.
76. D
Human resources management. Helping the company achieve its goals through the proper hiring and use of
employees is one common human resources management job duty. This is not a job duty for employees in
supply chain management, operations management, or business analytics.
SOURCE: PD:297 Discuss employment opportunities in business management and administration
SOURCE: LAP-PD-297—Career Opportunities in Business Management and Administration
77. A
Terms and commitments. The statement of work (SOW) is a document that outlines the terms, commitments,
and conditions of the project. It includes information about the project's activities, timelines, and deliverables.
The project team and the project's stakeholders should agree to the SOW contents before beginning the
project. A request for proposal is a document that solicits bids for an activity, project, or order from vendors. A
results summary contains the results of the project and is provided to stakeholders upon completion of the
project. Charts and materials do not need to be included in the SOW.
SOURCE: PJ:005 Initiate project
SOURCE: Aston, B. (2022, July 7). How to write a project statement of work: Template & example. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://thedigitalprojectmanager.com/how-write-statement-of-work
complete-guide/
78. A
To identify and better manage all project activities. Work breakdown structure (WBS) is the process of dividing
project tasks into meaningful components to complete the project. Dividing the entire project into smaller
components helps the project manager identify tasks and effectively schedule, assign, and monitor complex
project activities. Project objectives are provided to stakeholders in the statement of work (SOW) document,
which may also include information about the costs associated with the project. Although it is important for
project managers to provide team members with feedback to improve their performance levels, this is not a
primary reason for developing a WBS.
SOURCE: PJ:006 Prepare work breakdown structure (WBS)
SOURCE: Mathis, M. (2022). Work breakdown structure (WBS) purpose, process, and pitfalls. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.projectsmart.co.uk/work-breakdown-structure/work
breakdown-structure-purpose-process-pitfalls.php
79. D
Delegating work. An important aspect of managing a project team is delegating work to team members.
Delegating is assigning authority or responsibility to another person. Project managers need to match project
tasks and activities with the team members who have the skills and expertise to perform the necessary tasks
and activities. Corrine is not monitoring processes, providing guidance, or evaluating performance in the
presented situation.
SOURCE: PJ:007 Manage project team
SOURCE: Khinda, B. (2015, August 25). How to delegate tasks effectively in project management. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://wellingtone.co.uk/how-to-delegate-tasks-in-project-management/
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
19
80. A -$375. Cash flow is calculated by subtracting total cash paid out from total cash receipts. Total cash receipts
include cash sales and interest income ($5,300 + $200 = $5,500). Total cash paid out includes cost of goods,
fixed expenses, and variable expenses ($1,750 + $2,150 + $1,975 = $5,875). Subtract total cash paid out from
total cash receipts to determine cash flow ($5,500 - $5,875 = $-375).
SOURCE: FI:091 Describe the nature of cash flow statements
SOURCE: LAP-FI-091—Count the Cash (Cash Flow Statements)
81. A
Holding a team meeting to evaluate the project's successes and mistakes. Project managers and team
members often meet at the end of the project (close) to discuss the things that went well during the project and
the mistakes made along the way. Evaluating the successes and mistakes made during the course of the
project helps the project manager and team members determine how to improve or better handle similar
projects in the future. Obtaining resources, determining technology needs, and developing a production
schedule are project-planning activities.
SOURCE: PJ:008 Close project
SOURCE: Wroblewski, M.T. (2019, February 19). What are the most important project closure activities?
Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/important-project-closure
activities-35973.html
82. C
Update the project plan. During the execution phase of the project, project team members carry out project
tasks. During that time, the project manager is highly involved in controlling activities, such as monitoring the
work effort. While monitoring the work effort, the project manager may detect problems. Sometimes, processes,
tasks, and budgets need to be changed or corrected. Therefore, the project manager may need to update the
project plan when changes occur. The project manager develops the project charter during the initiation phase
and, if necessary, forms a steering committee during the project-definition phase. The project's sponsors
(stakeholders) would determine changes to their requirements and advise the project manager to implement the
revisions.
SOURCE: PJ:009 Execute and control projects
SOURCE: Weedmark, D. (2019, August 23). Why a project plan is important. Retrieved September 26, 2022,
from https://bizfluent.com/about-6404005-project-plan-important.html
83. C
Finish-to-start. Finish-to-start dependency is a logical relationship in which a successor activity cannot start until
a previous activity has finished. In the given scenario, it would be impossible for the construction team to start
painting walls if the drywall installation has not been finished. A finish-to-finish dependency is a logical
relationship in which a successor activity cannot finish until a predecessor has finished. A start-to-start
relationship describes a situation in which a successor activity cannot start until a predecessor activity has
started. A start-to-finish relationship occurs when a successor activity cannot finish until a predecessor activity
has started. None of these three dependencies describes the homebuilder's situation.
SOURCE: PJ:010 Manage project schedule
SOURCE: Roseke, B. (2022, January 5). Types of task dependencies. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.projectengineer.net/types-of-task-dependencies
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
20
84. B
Satisfaction. If customers are not satisfied with a business's goods and services, they will start buying from
competitors. Therefore, businesses need to continuously monitor customer-satisfaction levels and take steps to
maintain or improve satisfaction levels. Quality improvement involves using a systematic approach to increase
the levels of excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. In the example, the bookstore surveyed
customers to obtain their opinions about the store's goods and services, which will provide input about the
customers' level of satisfaction. The example does not indicate if product durability, safety, or customization
were topics included in the survey.
SOURCE: QM:001 Explain the nature of quality management
SOURCE: LAP-QM-001—Keep It Quality (Nature of Quality Management)
85. B
Preventing problems. Six Sigma is a quality improvement framework that involves continuously setting higher
goals of perfection. The framework builds upon previous goals to set higher goals that continuously improve the
quality of the business's goods, services, or processes. The steps the business takes to improve quality help
prevent problems in the future. Hiring qualified employees is a human resources activity. Expanding product
lines is a product/service management consideration. Critics of Six Sigma claim that the framework tends to
stifle innovation because the focus is on continuously improving existing processes.
SOURCE: QM:002 Describe the nature of quality management frameworks (e.g., Six Sigma, ITIL, CMMI)
SOURCE: Kumar, P. (2022, September 7). What is Six sigma: Everything you need to know about it. Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://www.simplilearn.com/what-is-six-sigma-a-complete-overview
article
86. C
Increased revenue. Continuous improvement is an ongoing process that looks for ways to increase the levels of
excellence in relation to a process, good, or service. Potential benefits of improved processes often increase
productivity, which lowers costs and increases revenue. When quality improves, customer satisfaction levels
often increase, which often results in a higher demand for the business's goods and services.
SOURCE: QM:003 Discuss the need for continuous improvement of the quality process
SOURCE: Weedmark, D. (2019, September 4). Benefits of continuous quality improvement (CQI). Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://bizfluent.com/facts-5317408-benefits-continuous-quality
improvement-cqi.html
87. D
Act. The first step in the PDCA continuous improvement technique is planning a change. During the second
step of the process, the business implements (does) the small-scale change. The third step involves checking
the results to determine if the small-scale change was effective. If the change was successful, then the
business acts to implement the change on a larger scale.
SOURCE: QM:003 Discuss the need for continuous improvement of the quality process
SOURCE: American Society for Quality. (2022). What is the plan-do-check-act (PDCA) cycle? Retrieved
September 26, 2022, from https://asq.org/quality-resources/pdca-cycle
88. B
Make sure customers won't be harmed. Many products carry the risk of harming or injuring customers. Risk
management is concerned with protecting companies from being liable if their products cause harm. However,
companies also need to consider the ethics of product safety. Merely providing warning labels is not necessarily
ethical; instead, companies should make sure that their products do not do any harm. Having a strong legal
team in place and avoiding conflicts of interest are not related to the ethical handling of product liabilities.
SOURCE: RM:041 Explain the role of ethics in risk management
SOURCE: LAP-RM-041—Manage Risk the Right Way (Ethics in Risk Management)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
21
89. C
Risk modeling. Businesses commonly use risk modeling to quantify the potential losses that they would incur if
certain events took place, such as a tornado destroying a company's largest manufacturing plant. Because risk
modeling is a very complex process, businesses usually rely on risk-management technology to aid in the
analyses and forecasts. Cost-benefit analysis involves quantifying the costs and benefits of a certain project to
determine the most appropriate course of action to pursue. Risk transference is a risk-response strategy that
involves moving the impact of a risk to someone or something else. In investing, fundamental analysis is the
study of all aspects of a company in an effort to understand its intrinsic value.
SOURCE: RM:042 Describe the use of technology in risk management
SOURCE: Risk modeling. (2021, January 9). Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://nms.kcl.ac.uk/reimer.kuehn/riskmodeling.html
90. A
Make your expectations known early. Defining your expectations as clearly as possible in the contract will help
ensure a good vendor/supplier relationship. Although separating the people from the company, understanding
that the supplier has other customers, and learning the marketplace are all smart tactics to ensure a good
relationship, none of these are achieved in the contract.
SOURCE: OP:241 Maintain vendor/supplier relationships
SOURCE: Klugerman, Y. (2017, November 14). Top 7 ways to build and maintain strong vendor relationships.
Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://feedvisor.com/resources/e-commerce-strategies/top-7
ways-build-strong-relationships-vendors
91. C
International risk management. International risk management poses unique challenges to companies, including
the potential for weak foreign economies, pricing pressures from other countries or competing companies,
regulatory changes within foreign governments, and global supply chain disruptions. These factors may also
affect domestic shipping processes, internal change management, or cultural literacy initiatives; however,
international risk management would be most affected.
SOURCE: RM:092 Describe international considerations affecting risk management
SOURCE: Beers, B. (2021, December 11). Top risks for international businesses. Retrieved September 26,
2022, from https://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/06/internationalfinancerisks.asp
92. C
Finances. Controlling the finances of a business is critical if the business wants to succeed. Managers need to
understand the finances and be able to use financial tools, such as income statements and balance sheets, to
monitor the business's income and expenses. Managers need to be prepared to take action to correct problems
with the bottom line if financial controls indicate that the business is losing money. It is not possible to control
competitors. Benefits and incentives are advantages or payments employees receive in addition to their wages.
Businesses usually establish benefit and incentive programs that are comparable to those of similar businesses
in the same industry. Reducing benefits and incentives is a step that managers might take if they identify a
problem with the business's finances.
SOURCE: SM:004 Describe the nature of managerial control (control process, types of control, what is
controlled)
SOURCE: LAP-SM-400—Measure Up! (Managerial Control)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
22
93. B
Feedback. Feedback control occurs after a business activity has been completed. In the situation described, the
manager asks an employee to take action (make a correction) based on the feedback that they received from a
customer. Feedforward is a form of control that bases and establishes procedures by predicting or anticipating
activities and their outcomes. Concurrent control involves monitoring business activities as employees perform
them. Coercive attitudes involve using aggressive behavior or bullying to get another person to do something.
SOURCE: SM:004 Describe the nature of managerial control (control process, types of control, what is
controlled)
SOURCE: Cromwell, J. (n.d.). How feedback control impacts the four functions of management in your selected
organization. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://smallbusiness.chron.com/feedback
control-impacts-four-functions-management-selected-organization-37663.html
94. D
Planning. Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
Brainstorming is a creative-thinking technique that is often used during the planning process. Deciding what will
be done involves establishing objectives. After establishing objectives, the business can implement processes
to achieve those objectives. The business analyzes its performance to determine if it achieved its objectives.
SOURCE: SM:063 Discuss the nature of managerial planning
SOURCE: CliffsNotes. (2022). Functions of managers. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.cliffsnotes.com/study-guides/principles-of-management/the-nature-of
management/functions-of-managers
95. A
Share organizational charts with them. Managers need to integrate the work of employees and teams together
to achieve organizational goals. The manager is in charge of facilitating this coordination by clearly
communicating with employees, making connections among departments, and demonstrating the relationships
among work tasks. One way to do this is to share organizational charts with employees so they have an
understanding of where they fall in the larger scheme of the company. Telling employees what to do, giving
them the equipment they need, and evaluating their results are not related to coordinating their activities.
SOURCE: SM:064 Explain managerial considerations in organizing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-064—Put It All Together (Managerial Considerations in Organizing)
96. D
Staffing. Staffing is the management function of finding workers for a business. The staffing function identifies
qualified candidates to perform the work. To identify qualified candidates, the manager must know what skills
are needed to perform the work. Because Nadine is determining what skills are needed to operate the new
computer system, she is focusing her efforts on the staffing function of management. Controlling is the
management function of monitoring the work effort. Training involves teaching or developing a new skill.
Planning is the management function of deciding what will be done and how it will be accomplished.
SOURCE: SM:065 Describe managerial considerations in staffing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-065—Dream Team Maker (Staffing)
97. A
Initiates changes smoothly. A strong, directive manager helps make transitions smoother and provide the
guidance employees need. Managers instruct employees on the best ways to adapt to changes and make sure
they understand shifts in responsibilities. The managers at BlueLight, Inc. are attempting to initiate the changes
associated with their merger smoothly. They are not motivating employees, coordinating work and effort, or
building group dynamics in this example.
SOURCE: SM:066 Discuss managerial considerations in directing
SOURCE: LAP-SM-066—Take Action (Managerial Considerations in Directing)
Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
Test 1273
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION CLUSTER EXAM—KEY
23
98. C
Learn. For successful innovation to occur, employees must be willing to learn while developing ideas. The
development process involves learning and accepting change. Employees do not necessarily have to teach
while developing ideas. They should review their results and learn from them, not avoid them. Innovation does
not necessarily occur when employees work alone; it may happen when employees are working together.
SOURCE: SM:094 Describe relationship among innovation, learning, and change
SOURCE: Management Library. (2022, January 18). Cultivating innovation and creativity in the workplace.
Retrieved September 26, 2022, from https://managementhelp.org/innovation/index.htm
99. A
Sponsorship. One key aspect of change management is sponsorship, which involves gaining support for the
change at the top executive level of the company. It is important to gain this support, as the marketers in this
case are doing, for a change to be successful. Involvement means including the right people in the design and
implementation of the change. Impact means assessing and addressing how changes will affect people.
Readiness is preparing people to adapt to the changes.
SOURCE: SM:095 Explain the nature of change management
SOURCE: Mind Tools. (2022). The four principles of change management. Retrieved September 26, 2022, from
https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newPPM_87.htm
100. C
Develop a project impact assessment. Prior to initiating any significant change, businesses should develop a
project impact assessment. The impact assessment should detail whom is most likely to be impacted by the
change and what the anticipated effects of the change will be on these individuals. Businesses should wait to
measure changes in employee behavior, implement corrective action plans, and recognize staff who have
changed successfully until after the change has been initiated.
SOURCE: SM:096 Explain the change-management lifecycle
SOURCE: Prosci. (n.d.). Prosci methodology. Retrieved October 17, 2022, from
https://www.prosci.com/resources/articles/prosci-methodology
