Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 1

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
1.  Jack traded in his old car for a new one with better gas mileage. He paid 20% down on his new car's $23,670
cost with tax and title. The car dealer then deducted the value of the trade-in, $4,500, from the remaining
amount that Jack owed. After deducting his down payment and the value of the trade-in, how much would Jack
still owe on the car before interest is added?
  A.  $14,436
  B.  $12,793
  C.  $18,963
  D.  $16,637

2.  As part of the debtor-creditor relationship, borrowers have the right to
  A.  dispute inaccurate information on their credit reports.
  B.  delete negative information from their credit reports.
  C.  ask for credit score increases on their credit reports.
  D.  submit requests for multiple credit reports per year.

3.  Which of the following is an example of insider trading:
  A.  A company's chief executive officer provides the company's financial auditor with material or financial
information.
  B.  A senior manager tells a stakeholder that the government did not approve a new product because it did not
meet safety standards.
  C.  A financial planner advises a client to invest a certain percentage of their money in a closed-end mutual
fund.
  D.  A bank manager reveals to a customer that the interest rates for 30-year-mortgages have reached an all
time low.

4.  What is a primary function of the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC)?
  A.  Sells new securities on behalf of public companies
  B.  Distributes annual dividends to public corporations' stockholders
  C.  Conducts the financial-statement audits for public corporations
  D.  Oversees the registration process for initial public offerings (IPOs)

5.  A researcher should consider an author's expertise in a particular topic when assessing the validity of written
articles and publications to
  A.  evaluate the author's level of credibility.
  B.  verify the timeliness of the information.
  C.  confirm personal understanding of the information.
  D.  analyze the author's emotional intelligence.

6.  Which of the following is the best source of information regarding your gross pay, deductions, and net pay:
  A.  Timecard
  B.  W-4
  C.  Pay stub
  D.  Bank

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 2

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
7.  Workers often increase their productivity to
  A.  take longer vacations.
  B.  obtain more benefits.
  C.  pay higher taxes.
  D.  earn higher wages.

8.  Which of the following products are most likely to be subject to sales tax:
  A.  Light bulbs, homes, and prescription drugs
  B.  iPads, sweaters, and books
  C.  Shoes, milk, and inherited items
  D.  School supplies, land, and candy

9.  Anita is self-employed. Which of the following is a true statement regarding her tax obligations:
  A.  She must pay the entire amount of her payroll taxes.
  B.  She does not have to pay income taxes.
  C.  Her taxes are called excise taxes.
  D.  She is taxed at a lower rate than people who are not self-employed.

10.  Kale, who earned $38,900 in income last year, receives a raise of 3%. Inflation is 5%. What is Kale's loss in
purchasing power?
  A.  $3,112
  B.  $778
  C.  $1,945
  D.  $1,167

11.  Two years ago, Jude purchased a $750 laptop computer for work. Jude likes his laptop so much that he's
thinking about getting another one for his home office. When he goes to the electronics store, however, the
same laptop that he purchased for $750 two years ago is now $800. This increase in price can best be
explained by
  A.  behavior modeling.
  B.  deflation.
  C.  balance of trade.
  D.  inflation.

12.  John's credit card interest rate is 3%. Jason's credit card interest rate is 4%. John makes the minimum payment
of $20 on his card until both the balance of his purchases and the interest are paid off. Jason pays $40 per
month, which is twice his minimum payment of $20, until both his balance and interest are paid off. Both spend
the same amount of money on purchases each year. Will John or Jason pay off his credit card first, and will that
person ultimately pay more or less than the other person?
  A.  Jason; more
  B.  John; more
  C.  Jason; less
  D.  John; less

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 3

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
13.  Kalea is searching for a post-graduation job. She is looking for a position where she can utilize her writing and
interpersonal communication skills. She is avoiding jobs that require math, since math is a subject she struggles
with in school. Kalea has most likely
  A.  made set-in-stone plans for her career.
  B.  underestimated her own skills.
  C.  sold herself short in her job search.
  D.  assessed her strengths and weaknesses.

14.  Which of the following sets of characteristics best describes careers in entrepreneurship:
  A.  Routine, predictable
  B.  Unpredictable, low-risk
  C.  Expensive, low-energy, relaxed
  D.  Innovative, risky, time-intensive

15.  When Emory takes out a loan, she uses her house as collateral. Which type of loan is Emory using?
  A.  Promissory
  B.  Secured
  C.  Unsecured
  D.  Installment

16.  Bryant recently applied for a personal loan from the Maryville Community Credit Union, but his application was
rejected. Bryant has a friend who works at the credit union, so he asked them what went wrong with his
application. They told Bryant that the credit union's manager is prejudiced and rarely accepts applications from
individuals of Bryant's religion. The credit union violated Bryant's right to
  A.  practice his religion.
  B.  equal credit opportunity.
  C.  proper notice of rejection.
  D.  a guaranteed credit line.

17.  What is one way you can prevent identity theft?
  A.  Only give out personal information when the other person initiated the contact.
  B.  Throw away all credit card statements, receipts, and credit offers.
  C.  Memorize your social security number, and keep your card at home.
  D.  Only give out personal information to someone who says they work for a legitimate company.

18.  Which of the following is a common form of financial exchange:
  A.  Insurance
  B.  Investments
  C.  Cash payment
  D.  Liabilities

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 4

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
19.  Sam is looking for a form of financial exchange that best fits her needs. She needs something that is mobile,
convenient, and instantly tracks transactions. She prefers not to borrow money, so Sam also wants something
that is linked to money she already has. What form of financial exchange is best for Sam?
  A.  Debit card
  B.  Credit card
  C.  Cash
  D.  Check

20.  Marshall's employer pays him for the work that he performs while on the job. This is an example of
  A.  earned income.
  B.  capital gains.
  C.  transfer payments.
  D.  passive revenue.

21.  Is it possible to buy insurance to protect your belongings if you don't own your home, but lease it from someone
else?
  A.  Yes, you can buy life insurance.
  B.  No, insurance must be purchased by the owner.
  C.  No, leased properties cannot be insured.
  D.  Yes, you can buy renter's insurance.

22.  Which of the following is considered a source of taxable income:
  A.  Life insurance payout due to a loved one's death
  B.  Rent payments received from tenants
  C.  A personal loan from a friend
  D.  Group medical insurance premiums

23.  How much money do you need to deposit into a savings account today to have $500 in two years? The interest
rate for the savings account is 3%.
  A.  $485.44
  B.  $499.07
  C.  $471.30
  D.  $492.11

24.  Glenn has committed to investing $100 each month to buying shares of his favorite stock, Microsoft. Last
month, when the stock price was $22, he bought 4.54 shares. This month the stock price is $25, so he bought
just 4 shares. This strategy is called
  A.  diversification.
  B.  growth investing.
  C.  dollar cost averaging.
  D.  buy-and-hold.

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 5

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
25.  Three years ago, Omar made a deposit to a savings account. Each year, Omar has watched as the interest on
his initial deposit has grown. He is earning interest on the principal amount plus on the interest earned on the
principal. In other words, Omar is earning
  A.  simple interest.
  B.  the present value.
  C.  compound interest.
  D.  the inflation value.

26.  A formal legal agreement between a lender and a borrower usually includes a
  A.  tax code listing.
  B.  repayment schedule.
  C.  proposal for disbursement.
  D.  guarantee of eminent domain.

27.  Annie took out a loan for $6,000 to purchase some new display cases for her store. She agreed to pay $283.27
per month for 24 months. The bank did not require collateral for the loan. What is the approximate annual
percentage rate (APR) for Annie's loan?
  A.  12.8%
  B.  4.7%
  C.  21.2%
  D.  16.5%

28.  Financial planning is important because it can help you
  A.  meet needs and wants.
  B.  increase your income.
  C.  understand economics and finance.
  D.  predict the future.

29.  Sophia's father just bought her a car for $6,390. One of Sophia's financial goals is to pay her father back for the
car in three years. She usually receives about $400 cash for her birthday each year. If she saves all of her
birthday money to help pay for the car, how much additional money should Sophia set aside monthly to pay her
dad back in full in three years?
  A.  $177.50
  B.  $155.28
  C.  $166.39
  D.  $144.17

30.  If you want to save enough money to buy a new phone, which of the following options can best help you work
toward achieving that goal:
  A.  Open a credit card account.
  B.  Dip into your emergency fund.
  C.  Borrow money from a family member or friend.
  D.  Plan how much you'll need to set aside each month.

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 6

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
31.  Why is it important to have an emergency fund as part of a personal financial plan?
  A.  To pay for unexpected expenses
  B.  To save for a vacation
  C.  To save for college
  D.  To pay for large expenses like rent

32.  Which of the following is an obstacle to meeting a financial goal of paying off credit card debt:
  A.  Budgets
  B.  Insurance copayments
  C.  Deductibles
  D.  Interest on balances

33.  Which of the following is a source of income that a person should consider when developing a personal budget:
  A.  Clothing
  B.  Utilities
  C.  Salary
  D.  Insurance

34.  Which of the following is categorized as a fixed expense in a personal budget:
  A.  Groceries
  B.  Home repairs
  C.  Car payment
  D.  Clothing

35.  Logan plans to buy a used car from Tompkins Super Auto Mart. The base price of the car is $6,375, and the
sales tax rate is 6.25%. How much sales tax will Logan need to pay?
  A.  $407.22
  B.  $376.98
  C.  $398.44
  D.  $425.16

36.  Richard earns $14.55 per hour during a regular 40-hour work week, time-and-a-half for overtime, and double
time on holidays. According to Richard's pay stub, he worked 49 hours last week. What is his total gross pay for
last week if he worked the standard 40 hours plus 5 hours overtime and 4 hours on Saturday, which was New
Year's Day?
  A.  $712.95
  B.  $778.43
  C.  $843.90
  D.  $807.53

37.  To determine your net pay, you need to subtract taxes and __________ from your gross pay.
  A.  capital gains
  B.  exemptions
  C.  optional deductions
  D.  dependents

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 7

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
38.  Which of the following is a criterion for evaluating the reliability of a source:
  A.  Timeliness
  B.  Type of source
  C.  Length
  D.  Style

39.  Which of the following records that contains information about their investments should individuals keep:
  A.  Credit
  B.  Logistics
  C.  Deposit
  D.  Purchase

40.  Kerry always obtains and saves receipts for her __________, which are a tax deductible expense.
  A.  rent payments
  B.  lunch with coworkers
  C.  political contributions
  D.  charitable gifts

41.  As Tom uses his credit card to make purchases in a responsible manner, he should remember that credit is a(n)
  A.  privilege.
  B.  loan.
  C.  asset.
  D.  tax.

42.  Limiting the number of credit cards that you have will help you
  A.  purchase most of the items that you want.
  B.  waive the transaction fees for each card.
  C.  exceed your credit limit.
  D.  manage your spending.

43.  Your credit card balance was $450, and your minimum payment is $25. If your APR is 18% and uses a monthly
periodic rate, and you pay the minimum payment, what will your new balance be?
  A.  $431.75
  B.  $456.75
  C.  $475
  D.  $425.15

44.  Why is it important for individuals to periodically validate their credit histories?
  A.  To avoid being denied credit
  B.  To understand credit laws
  C.  To protect themselves from slander
  D.  To find out about different types of credit

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 8

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
45.  Many employers match employees' pretax contributions to their
  A.  Keogh plans.
  B.  traditional IRAs.
  C.  Roth IRAs.
  D.  401(k) plans.

46.  Which of the following could Lynn do to lower the risk of identity theft:
  A.  Use secure web browsers when purchasing online
  B.  Write account passwords in a personal planner
  C.  Share bank account information with others
  D.  Keep written records of all major cash purchases

47.  One of the best ways to protect yourself against identity theft is to
  A.  pay your bills online.
  B.  monitor your credit and bank accounts continuously.
  C.  use the same password for all online financial accounts.
  D.  pay for your purchases with debit cards.

48.  Why do consumer credit laws prevent lenders from refusing loans to creditworthy individuals?
  A.  The laws prevent high earners from being denied credit.
  B.  The laws are meant to increase the number of loans offered.
  C.  Credit card debt improves the economy.
  D.  Access to credit is an important financial tool.

49.  Last year, Janine's gross income was $47,355. She earned $389 in taxable interest. She is 24 years old, single,
claiming one exemption for herself, and taking the standard deduction for an individual. The single standard
deduction is $5,700, and the amount of the exemption is $3,650. What is Janine's taxable income for the year?
  A.  $42,044
  B.  $38,394
  C.  $43,705
  D.  $47,744

50.  When you prepare governmental income tax forms for submission, why should you use tax deductions to
reduce your taxable income?
  A.  You can increase your gross income.
  B.  You can decrease your net income.
  C.  You won't have to pay any taxes.
  D.  You can qualify for a lower tax rate.

51.  Which type of financial-service provider offers debit cards?
  A.  Accounting firm
  B.  Stock brokerage firm
  C.  Commercial bank
  D.  Insurance company

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 9

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
52.  A bank that is owned by its members and provides a variety of products and services to its members is a
  A.  certified bank.
  B.  commercial bank.
  C.  credit union.
  D.  central bank.

53.  What is an important consideration when selecting a financial-services provider?
  A.  Tax status
  B.  Fee structure
  C.  Gross income
  D.  Office location

54.  A financial advisor charges his clients an asset management fee of 1.5% per year. Sherise has $25,000 to
invest. How much would this financial advisor charge Sherise per year to manage her investments?
  A.  $375
  B.  $250
  C.  $167
  D.  $500

55.  Which of the following is an example of a lending investment:
  A.  Bonds
  B.  Antiques
  C.  Stocks
  D.  Homes

56.  With an ownership investment, investors do which of the following:
  A.  Buy a home to live in
  B.  Invest in multiple corporations
  C.  Pay for the right to own something
  D.  Collect popular items

57.  Which of the following offers investors the advantage of securities diversification:
  A.  Treasury bonds
  B.  Corporate bonds
  C.  Certificates of deposit
  D.  Mutual funds

58.  Which of the following is a disadvantage of investing in a mutual fund:
  A.  Potential loss of time and effort
  B.  Low potential for return
  C.  Penalty for early withdrawal
  D.  Potentially high fees

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 10

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
59.  Which of the following is an advantage of a money market account over a savings account:
  A.  The rate of return is significantly better.
  B.  Money market accounts are insured by the FDIC.
  C.  You can often write checks from a money market account.
  D.  Money market accounts provide corporate ownership rights.

60.  Which of the following is a true statement about certificates of deposit:
  A.  You must pay a penalty for withdrawing your money early.
  B.  Certificates of deposit may depreciate in value.
  C.  The riskiest investment is a certificate of deposit.
  D.  Certificates of deposit are issued by corporations or governments.

61.  Which of the following forms of income would be considered unearned income:
  A.  Tips from waiting tables
  B.  Union strike benefits
  C.  A personal salary
  D.  Interest from a savings account

62.  Buying insurance is one way to manage
  A.  coverage.
  B.  damage.
  C.  risk.
  D.  injury.

63.  The LMNOP Corporation offers health insurance to all of its full-time employees. The total cost of the annual
insurance premium for an individual is $4,479. Family coverage costs an additional $635 per month. The
company contributes $250 toward each employee's premium each month. How much premium does an
employee with family health insurance coverage pay each month?
  A.  $123.25
  B.  $373.25
  C.  $758.25
  D.  $1,008.25

64.  The face value of a corporate bond is the amount
  A.  a business believes the bond is worth.
  B.  an investor receives on the date of maturity.
  C.  an investor pays plus a quarterly dividend.
  D.  of interest that is paid on a yearly basis.

65.  You've just won the lottery! You have to choose between receiving $10,000 today or $50,000 in 20 years. Using
a present value table, you find that the present value of $1 received 20 years from now with an interest rate of
10% is $.149. What is the present value of the $50,000?
  A.  Approximately $10,000, depending on the form of the payments
  B.  Less than $10,000
  C.  Exactly equal to $10,000
  D.  More than $10,000

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 11

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
66.  When should you obtain life insurance?
  A.  When you have no debts
  B.  When you reach a certain age
  C.  When you have people who are dependent on you
  D.  When you purchase your own property

67.  Talia has been putting aside a portion of her paycheck each month. Now, she has enough saved to take a
relaxing beach vacation. This is an example of how
  A.  you can only save when you've reached a certain income level.
  B.  spending money on unnecessary purchases is risky.
  C.  your emergency fund can be used in many ways.
  D.  saving money benefits your overall well-being.

68.  Publicly-traded companies are required by law to provide
  A.  stock research.
  B.  yearly newsletters.
  C.  company report cards.
  D.  financial statements.

69.  Which of the following is a true statement about ticker symbols:
  A.  They are made up of the first three letters of a company's name.
  B.  They are only given to companies on the New York Stock Exchange.
  C.  They uniquely identify a company.
  D.  They tell you what kind of stock it is.

70.  Analyze the information in the securities table about Home Depot.
52-WEEKYLD
HILOSTOCK (SYM)P/ECLOSECHGEARNINGSDIV%
37.0326.62Home Depot (HD)18.9235.01+.621.850.952.7
Based on the information provided, which of the following statements about Home Depot is most likely to be
accurate:
  A.  The previous day's closing price was $34.39, $0.62 less than the last price for today.
  B.  Home Depot's stock share price is 2.7 times higher than its earnings per share.
  C.  An investor who owned 100 shares of Home Depot's stock last quarter earned $27 in dividends.
  D.  The lowest price paid for Home Depot stock during the last year was $18.92.

71.  An individual with a very low tolerance for risk would most likely invest in a(n)
  A.  initial public offering (IPO).
  B.  money market fund.
  C.  stock option.
  D.  startup company.

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 12

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
72.  Abdul wants to study abroad when he is in college, and he wants to be able to have spending money to take
with him. Which of the following options is best to help Abdul reach this goal:
  A.  Certificate of deposit
  B.  Emergency fund
  C.  Savings account
  D.  401(k) account

73.  Which of the following exemplifies the time value of money:
  A.  Rachel placed $250 in a savings account and accumulated $12.50 in interest.
  B.  Matthew decided to purchase a smartphone from TeleTech.com for $199.
  C.  Harrison paid the government $1,508 in property taxes last year.
  D.  Sophie estimated that she uses 78% of her income to pay her bills.

74.  Which of the following is an example of a non-deposit financial institution:
  A.  Mutual savings bank
  B.  Commercial bank
  C.  Credit union
  D.  Mortgage company

75.  Most financial transactions, such as obtaining loans, earning interest, and exchanging currency, must be
  A.  taxed at a high rate.
  B.  conducted by the government.
  C.  between two individual people.
  D.  completed through financial institutions.

76.  Failing to pay credit card bills on time will likely result in
  A.  being fired from your job.
  B.  no penalties or consequences.
  C.  late fees and interest charges.
  D.  an increase in credit score.

77.  If you face a temporary hardship that prevents you from repaying your debt, you may be able to postpone loan
payments by applying for
  A.  bankruptcy.
  B.  loan subsidy.
  C.  forbearance.
  D.  reimbursement.

78.  Which of the following is one of the most common indicators of excessive debt:
  A.  You only make minimum payments on bills.
  B.  Your credit cards are generally accepted.
  C.  You have a small emergency fund.
  D.  You know exactly how much you owe.

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 13

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
79.  It is important to review your credit report on a regular basis to
  A.  identify discriminatory practices.
  B.  change your credit score.
  C.  set your credit limit.
  D.  verify its accuracy.

80.  Companies A and B have job openings for two similar positions. Company A is offering a salary of $50,000.
Company B is offering a salary of $45,000 and also contributes an amount equal to 10% of an employee's
salary to their retirement fund after they have been employed for a year. Which of the following employees
would benefit the most by working for Company B:
  A.  A person who is personally disciplined to save for retirement
  B.  A person who is very skilled at making investments
  C.  Someone who is not personally disciplined to save for retirement
  D.  Someone who will work less than one year

81.  How does contributing to a 401(k) retirement plan reduce the taxes withheld from a person's paycheck?
  A.  Contributions are deducted before earnings are taxed.
  B.  Employers tax the person's net earnings.
  C.  Contributions are taxed at a lower tax rate.
  D.  Employers typically match the contributions.

82.  Allen wants to start saving for retirement. If he plans and invests well, which of the following is the most likely
source of income Allen can expect to receive when he is retired:
  A.  Dividends
  B.  Salary
  C.  Tips
  D.  Bonuses

83.  Lower APR means __________ monthly payments.
  A.  stable
  B.  lower
  C.  fluctuating
  D.  higher

84.  Which of the following statements regarding personal loans is true:
  A.  It is generally very difficult and time-consuming to be approved for a personal loan.
  B.  Personal loans generally have higher interest rates than secured loans.
  C.  Because they are low-risk, you don't need a high credit score to receive a personal loan.
  D.  Personal loans allow for very little flexibility and can only be used for very specific purposes.

85.  Which of the following statements regarding Medicare tax is true:
  A.  Employees can choose to contribute to either Social Security or Medicare.
  B.  Medicare tax is an example of a tax withholding allowance.
  C.  Employees only pay Medicare tax on the first $147,000 in gross earnings.
  D.  Both employees and employers must pay Medicare tax.

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 14

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
86.  Jared's friends want to go out to dinner tonight, but Jared isn't sure he wants to go. He has been trying to make
smart financial decisions ever since he got his first job six months ago, so he wants to save his money and
spend sparingly. However, he doesn't want to miss out on an opportunity to spend time with his friends. What is
the best course of action for Jared?
  A.  Suggest the friend group go to a cost-conscious restaurant
  B.  Go out to dinner but neglect to leave any service tip
  C.  Eat dinner at home alone while his friends go out to eat
  D.  Order something to-go from the restaurant while his friends stay

87.  Shireen is reviewing an article to determine if the data contained in it is accurate and current. In other words,
Shireen is evaluating the
  A.  hardware application.
  B.  research procedure.
  C.  quality of information.
  D.  type of statistics.

88.  When provided with financial information from a financial-services professional, it's always a good idea to
  A.  trust that the information is reliable and trustworthy.
  B.  refuse to accept it since financial-services providers cannot be trusted.
  C.  immediately take the steps recommended by the professional.
  D.  determine whether the information is unbiased, accurate, and current.

89.  An individual is most likely be involved in insurance fraud if they
  A.  attempt to reduce the coverage.
  B.  overestimate the amount of loss.
  C.  limit their scope of liability.
  D.  calculate the value of property.

90.  At the library, Janelle can get up-to-date career information about job opportunities, employment trends,
training, and educational needs by reading various
  A.  international data almanacs.
  B.  occupational publications.
  C.  fictitious magazine articles.
  D.  technical books.

91.  Perry is thinking about being a project manager, but he's not sure. His guidance counselor suggests he have a
discussion with someone who is currently employed as a project manager. What benefit will Perry get from an
informational interview like this one?
  A.  The project manager can tell Perry whether or not project management is the right career for him.
  B.  The project manager can tell him what a real day on the job is like.
  C.  The project manager will probably give him a job.
  D.  The project manager will help him with his college application.

Test 1276 PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM 15

Copyright © 2023 by MBA Research and Curriculum Center®, Columbus, Ohio
92.  What should individuals consider when identifying occupations that are of interest to them?
  A.  Friends' opinions
  B.  Family history
  C.  Their personalities
  D.  Parents' occupations

93.  Laney is a very good singer. Since age four, she has sung in community musicals, at church, and in school
productions. She's 15 now and knows she wants a career as a singer. Her teacher announces a special career
exploration program. Should Laney join?
  A.  Yes, because career exploration will prove that her plans to be a singer are unrealistic.
  B.  No, because a career as a singer does not follow a specific career path.
  C.  No, it is important that Laney remain focused on her dream to be a singer.
  D.  Yes, it is important to learn about many careers before selecting one.

94.  How much a stock sells for depends directly on which of the following:
  A.  The popularity of the company's new product
  B.  How high the company's earnings are
  C.  What buyers are willing to pay for the stock
  D.  How volatile the stock is

95.  Gavin was looking at his phone while driving and accidentally ran into a fence. What kind of auto insurance
coverage is suitable for this situation?
  A.  Liability
  B.  Medical payments
  C.  Comprehensive
  D.  Uninsured motorist

96.  Damian was in a car accident and damaged his car, but he has auto insurance. Which of the following
expenses will he most likely have to pay out of pocket:
  A.  Car repairs
  B.  His car loan
  C.  Medical bills
  D.  Property damage

97.  Life insurance pays money to the beneficiary upon the death of the
  A.  insured person.
  B.  beneficiary.
  C.  insured's children.
  D.  insured's spouse.

98.  Which of the following is a reason to invest your money:
  A.  Investing can help you reach your long-term financial goals.
  B.  You will receive a lower rate of return than from a savings account.
  C.  There is no risk involved in investing in the stock market.
  D.  When you invest, you earn a lot of money in a very short period of time.

Test 1276
PERSONAL FINANCIAL LITERACY EXAM
16
99.  Delia broke her hand while rock climbing and couldn't do her job for two months. What type of insurance would
help Delia in this situation?
A.  Personal liability
B.  Workers' compensation
C.  Long-term disability
D.  Short-term disability
100.  A seller of smartphones provides purchasers with an assurance that any problem with the phones will be
repaired if they stop working within a year's time. This promise by the seller is an example of a
A.  limited warranty.
B.  money-back guarantee.
C.  warranty.
D.  guarantee.
